Hi, I'm Danny, one of the founders of Decortex. We build AI agents for decision intelligence. We call it as a system of action to help operations. We're starting with airlines. Airlines run on plans made on a very high scale. Our job is to help them when reality doesn't actually match the plan, which is on most of the days. Okay. The one of the highest pressure desk in an airline is crew control. Imagine a captain calling in sick at 5:00 a.m. You immediately have to like find a replacement who's qualified to fly the plane. Imagine a gate being closed. You need to rebook all the passengers. So the challenge is currently the crew controller does all of this manually, believe it or not. Cross referencing rosters, duty blocks, reserve list, and a dense regulatory rule book.
Your challenge is to build as a crew ops adviser an AI that a controller can trust, ask questions, understand what is happening, and make the best decision, right? It's not just about a legality being accurate. It is finding the best possible, you know, replacement or an outcome that analyzes all the downstream impacts. You have 24 hours and we are going to provide you a complete synthetic airline data set. Uh it kind of it has a schedule. Uh it has all the crew, the rosters, the duty blocks, uh reserve pool and a machine-readable legality rule set and work on various other disruption scenarios as well with answer key piece right and examples as well.
Our expectation is the advisor the crew ops advisor that we build answers all the questions and these questions can come in three different tiers: Look up (find the best replacement kind of example), consequence (what happens when and what-if scenarios), and also the recommendation. You are expected to build a solution that shines in all of these three dimensions. We are going to judge heavily on how you like are architecting this AI and like how the AI uh is kind of like builds its proprietary moat. So think deeper, understand the problem and solve it. And we are look for looking forward with the solutions and uh and meeting some of you as well. Good luck. Thank you. 
